Improving the DevRel Page (#583)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/messaging-and-math/developer-relations.md

# Developer Relations

Developer Relations and community outreach can take on many forms and is a constantly evolving practice. At Mattermost, our focus is always on our community of administrators, developers, and end users. 

> Every member of the internal Mattermost team participates in Developer Relations, whether formally part of the Community Team or just a participant in community activities such as discussions on the community server, discussions at external events, or other interactions with non-internal community members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every member of the internal Mattermost team participates in Developer Relations. This can be as a formal member of the Community Team or as a casual participant in community activities such as discussions on the community server, discussions at external events, or other interactions with non-internal community members.
```

> Some activities that fall under the purview of formal Developer Relations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some activities that fall under formal Developer Relations:
```

Reviewer: I love "purview" but I wonder if it's easy for all readers to immediately understand?

> * Conference and Meetup Presentations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Conference and meetup presentations
```

* Podcasts
* Webinars

> * Content Creation and Distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Content creation and distribution
```

> * Forum and Discussion Participation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Forum and discussion participation
```

Please reach out to the [Community Team](mailto:community@mattermost.com) if you have any questions or would like assistance for any activities in their milieu.

## Assets
* [Conference/Trip Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10AZQP5QaUHOd-cuiogA08TD6Im0XvS1qpOBIDcnJScI/edit?usp=sharing) - 

> ** Purpose: to be used after speaking at an event or participating as a sponsor or in a sales or marketing capacity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used used after speaking at an event, participating as a sponsor, or in a sales or marketing capacity.
```
